o Good afternoon What is your name from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky You are from Stavropol Territory Russia somehow so aggressively towards the previous interlocutor shouted something Yes, he is sitting Drinking beer and shouting something in Ukrainian it was unpleasant for me, but support the withdrawal of a special one for the operation No and what not I don’t care about politics my life What do you talk about and just flip through [music] and where are you the city of Khmelnitsky is in Ukraine everything I just now many of the Ukrainians are more or less so normal they came across somewhere in Germany in Moldova somewhere somewhere there it happens somewhere in Lvov somewhere in Kyiv somewhere in Dnepropetrovsk for everyone there is not someone Who from Ukraine I usually came across not aggression but yours What is the purpose Here, too, communication I communicate people to politics to war Why do they support Why Russia came to fight my country I don’t understand this I don’t know the mouse is wrong Let’s talk about what else we will talk with you I don’t even know honestly
cool, that is, it turns out If a person does not show aggression towards you, then you don’t even have anything to talk to him honestly. There, with younger people, it will be more comfortable to communicate like an adult. Well, I don’t know. to communicate on cigarettes but completely different My country I’m already used to these people, I know What is the difference between games in Kyiv and computer games in Vladivostok Well, I mean a different population the other side other people Maybe another time they have a worldview But it’s good with those with which You talked during the game what they have, how much they have a different worldview when playing, but they approve of Russia, they don’t know such aggression towards it, you talk about games so with young people that they lose it that your Russians won’t say Yes, in principle, one and the same it doesn’t matter either to talk to Vladivostok or to talk to Ukraine in principle, yes, but I’m more  I just wanted to talk in principle
Well, why, that's why Yes, well,
just the same thing that I can talk with my
friend on the street, yes Well, that's how
it is Why are you talking not with a friend, not with a
kid there from Moscow, but with Ukrainians,
that's what you  after all, if he tells you the same thing
about the games as the guys from
Moscow
Well, well, in general, initially my goal
was to find aggressive ones. You see, I
understand that you are just like that, and why are these
aggressive Ukrainians? Well, it’s also
so easy to quarrel with them  the need to quarrel
with people
you didn’t think why the Ukrainians are
aggressive
Well, I don’t know, it’s just probably something with a
head, how do you look For example, if
your Russian rocket arrives kills
their relatives bombs their house, then how
can you not be funny about games
want to talk or send  But [ __ ]
the aggressive ones, they want at least well, I think
first to see a person,
we are actually not at the front right now
maybe you are not at the front
And in chatroulette you understand that your
country is bombing people in my country Yes, but
at the same time you go out to look for those who are
badly so aggressive because of this
war
and it amuses you
[music] you
bastard is what to call it  How to
call a person who you can imagine grief for people
, for example, a
grenade exploded in a shopping center, people lie in
fragments, you run up and
start talking to them. You are a man,
dad, for example, blew up a grenade.
wave only our own
life, we need someone else’s, it just doesn’t matter,
we will be the moon Only our grief
turns out look Yes, it looks
in the room
[laughter]
running
you are sitting shorter, the plaque is quite
all, we at least damn can’t be normal
wallpaper As long as it’s so
that it’s at least normal background poster
Tsoi
dude sits in chatroulette for days looking for
aggressive Ukrainians to
progress and can’t on the wall
[laugh]
It’s a pity that I have to  yen was then in the recording
shorter laid out the video of the recording to
play along with the screenshot
really there the wallpaper also just became
But he’s like that
so healthy
Damn I can’t
and like for such jokes Sin was not
set for such a joke shorter Kapets
damn
I don’t understand people you’re damn young  think
how to develop your life think how to become
better there or learn something or you are
there so that you become a good car mechanic
or so that a car mechanic or so that you become
some kind of programmer you become a doctor
in something specialist so that you
can earn more like this and
then you can afford more you can
afford normal wallpapers you can
afford No he sits in chat
roulette with ours looking for aggressive
Ukrainians he understands yes why not
aggressive then unpacked We are very so
beautiful the
ending of the video is just a masterpiece